♪ (FUNK MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Hey, baby brother.
You still betting?
Winning.
See how long that lasts.
VINCENT MARTINO:
You could do what they do.
I know I could,
but would I?
I wouldn't want to make you
feel like... thing.
You're smarter than
you let on.
♪ Get on up ♪
-Who's your man?
-No man. Just me.
How's that work?
You gotta work a little harder.
Gotta be a little more careful.
♪ You got it, baby ♪
♪ You got that pushy pull ♪
♪ I said push it ♪
I run a legitimate
business here.
I'm the center of things now.
I'm building something.
RUDY PIPILO: There's been
a change in the law
about community standards.
What about community standards?
Apparently, New York has none.
-Kaboom!
-(CHEERING)
Scary world out here, baby.
Go home. If you stay,
you'll die.
PILIPO: There's gonna be
an opportunity coming your way.
All I can say is,
it's gonna be good.
-What am I looking at?
-The future.
When do we start?
♪ Oh, push ♪
♪ Pull ♪
♪ Push ♪
( music playing )
( knocking on door )
- Bradley?
- Hi. Come in.
Thanks.
All right.
So, feel free to order
whatever you want for
dinner tonight.
I will cover that.
Um, shouldn't be too late.
I will text you with updates
along the way, okay?
- Where is your son?
- Oh, he's in the bathroom.
He'll be right out.
Hey, Ralph,
come out here
and meet, uh...
Meg.
Come meet Meg.
He's a little shy.
He's a great kid.
Active imagination.
Probably could take care
of himself.
So, he could pretty much watch
and eat whatever he wants.
Preferably I have him
in bed around 9:00.
I probably won't be
much later than 10:00.
Thank you so much for coming
on such short notice.
I really--
you're really helping me out.
Wait, did you want
to see my references?
- ( door opens )
- Oh, no, it's okay.
You seem like a nice girl.
Hey, Ralph,
be a good boy tonight.
Just give him
a few minutes.
Ralph?
Hello?
My name is Meg
and I'm really excited
to meet you.
Do you wanna come out?
Hey!
Ralph:
Sorry.
Why did you slam
the door on me?
I had to.
Why?
You wouldn't understand.
Do you wanna try me?
I'm really easy to talk to.
Would you like to come out
so I can introduce myself?
- Okay.
Great.
Could you move away
from the door, please?
Yeah, sure.
( door opens )
Hi, I'm Ralph.
Meg.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to
meet you, too.
I can explain.
Okay.
It's just that Ralphie
has a bit of a temper.
- Ralphie?
- Yes, Ralphie.
Is that one
of your nicknames?
( whispering )
I'm Ralph. I'm not Ralphie.
I'm very different
than Ralphie is.
I see.
So, who's Ralphie?
You-- you don't wanna
know Ralphie.
Why not?
'Cause he's
kind of bad.
But don't worry,
that's why I locked him
in the bathroom.
He won't bother us.
Well, good.
Why don't you and I
just forget about Ralphie
and have some fun?
- You hungry?
- Yes.
Man on TV:
Well, you can't blame Grace.
You know what I mean?
( continues indistinctly )
( audience laughing )
I actually kind of
like this show.
I hope there's
another one.
( chuckles )
My dad used to
make me watch it
and I hated it then,
but now I kind of
think it's funny.
- You watched TV
with your dad?
- Sure.
Cool.
- Well, it's almost
9:00 PM, so...
- ( whines )
- ( TV turns off )
- Come on, can we watch
one more, please?
I told your dad
I'd get you to bed
by 9:00 PM
and he's
coming back soon, so...
He won't be back soon.
- Of course he will.
- No, he won't.
He's out on a date.
Okay, so?
So, when he goes out on dates,
he stays out really late.
Well, he told me he was
coming back by 10:00 PM.
He says a lot of things.
Not all of them are true.
Well, either way,
I think that you should
have a bath before bedtime.
I don't wanna
take a bath.
Why not?
Because Ralphie's
in there.
Ah.
Ralphie, right.
You forgot,
didn't you?
I did.
I never forget
about Ralphie.
Would you like me to go
have a talk with Ralphie
and ask him if it's okay
if you could have a bath?
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Why not?
Because he doesn't
like girls.
- He doesn't?
- No.
Hmm.
- How do you know?
- I just know.
- What?
- I have an idea.
Okay.
- Oh, Ralphie!
I know--
- Shh!
Hey!
That's not okay.
- Shh. Quiet.
- What?
- You're gonna wake up Ralphie.
- I was just making a joke.
Well, it's not funny.
Ralph, come on.
We both know that there is
no one in the bathroom.
Damn it.
- What?
- He heard you.
And now he wants
to talk to me.
- Tell him no.
- I can't.
Why not?
You wouldn't
understand.
I'll be back.
( sighs )
( door slams )
( grunts )
- ( sniffs )
- ( door opens )
- Ah!
- ( screams )
- I'm gonna get you!
- ( whimpers )
( grunting, shouting )
Ah! What are you doing?!
No, stop it!
( grunting )
I'm gonna get you!
- ( yelling )
- ( whimpers, screams )
( panting )
- ( door slams )
- What the fuck?
The fuck?
( door opens )
( door closes )
- Ralph: Hello?
- ( gasps )
Meg?
Are you okay?
Did he come after you?
Did he get you?
Ralph,
I understand
that this might be
a fun game for you,
but this
is not fun for me.
This isn't a game.
Well, whatever it is,
it needs to stop now, okay?
'Cause you're scaring me.
I wish
I could stop it.
( phone chimes )
I'm sorry.
( Ralph exhales )
Do you have
any children, Meg?
Let's just close our eyes
and get back to sleep,
okay, Ralph?
- But I can't sleep.
- Yes, you can.
It's way past your bedtime
and your dad's gonna be
home any minute.
No, he won't.
Why do you
keep saying that?
So, you don't
have kids?
No, I don't.
I think you'd be
a great mom.
Thanks, Ralph.
Now, let's just
get back to bed.
But I wanna talk.
It's just so late.
Please?
I never get to
talk to any girls,
and you're so nice.
Fine.
Five minutes.
Yes!
What do you wanna
talk about?
Sex.
Where did you hear
that word?
My dad.
I think it's something
that you should talk
to your dad about.
I already did.
And what did he say?
That it's
for grown-ups.
That's definitely true.
And that he'll tell me
when I get older.
I think
that sounds right.
Maybe we just
leave it at that.
But I always
hear him talking about it
with his friends,
about how he has
sex with all the girls
he goes on dates with.
And I don't know what it is
and he won't tell me.
Please tell me.
I just don't think
that it's my place
to talk to you about
that sort of thing.
- Why not?
- Well, I'm not your parent.
But my dad
won't tell me
and I don't have
a mom.
What happened
to your mom, sweetie?
She's... gone.
Where did she go?
It's hard to explain.
Well, you don't
have to talk about it
if you don't want to.
No, it's okay.
I wanna talk about it.
It's just, well--
there's the story
me and my dad always tell,
and then there's
what really happened.
What do you mean?
My dad.
He made up a story
and that's the one we tell.
But it's not
the truth.
( inhales, exhales )
You know what,
I think our five minutes
of talking are up,
so maybe you should try
to get back to bed now, okay?
Can I just tell you the story
that my dad made up first?
And then
I'll go to sleep.
- Ralph.
- Please?
And then you promise me
you'll get back to bed?
I promise.
Pinkie swear?
Pinkie swear.
( sighs )
All right.
So, one day,
I was waiting for my mom
to pick me up for school.
And she didn't come.
And when my dad
finally came,
he bought me
a Happy Meal,
which he never does
before.
And he told me that Mom
was going through
a hard time
and that...
she was so sad,
she wanted to escape
everything.
So she put a rope
in her closet
and she put her--
she put her neck in it.
And when she jumped,
she kind of--
she hung there
until she couldn't
breathe anymore.
And she escaped
everything.
Ralph, sweetie,
I'm-- I'm so sorry.
You don't have
to be sorry.
It's just a story.
You mean that
that was...?
It wasn't real.
( sighs )
Okay, then.
Well, thanks
for the story.
Now, let's just
get to bed.
- But--
- No, remember,
you promised.
One story and you were
gonna go to bed.
Okay, fine.
Good night, Ralph.
Sleep well.
( sighs )
The true story is that
Ralphie killed my mom.
Ralph, I told you
that we were not going to
play this game anymore.
Shh! If Ralphie
hears me telling you this,
he's gonna get very angry.
Ralph, I understand
that you're having
a hard time
and that this game
might be whatever for you,
but you're starting
to scare me!
( whispering )
He scares me every day.
He killed my mom
and he says I'm gonna be next.
He chases me around
my room at night saying,
"I'm gonna get you."
- Ralph, stop it!
- Shh!
- ( gasps ) Stop this!
- He'll hear you!
Don't touch me.
Oh, you woke him up!
Why did you do that?!
( door opens, slams )
( thudding,
glass shattering )
Oh, no, no, no.
( thudding continues )
Bradley's voice:
Hi, you've reached Bradley.
Leave a message.
Hey, Brad, this is Meg.
I need you to come here
as soon as you possibly can
or just call me back.
- Please just call me back.
- ( clattering )
Ralph:
No!
Ralphie:
Yes!
Ralph:
Ah, stop it!
Please,
you're hurting me!
- ( line ringing )
- Dispatch: 911, what's
your emergency?
Hi, hi, yes, um, I'm here--
I'm babysitting a little boy
and I think he's crazy
or I'm not sure if he's
a danger to himself.
- His father
is not calling me back.
- Ralphie: Die, die, die!
Yes, I'm at the motel
off the parkway.
- Dispatch: Mm-hmm, okay.
- Yes, room 104.
Please come here as soon
as you possibly can.
Please hurry.
- All right,
we'll send someone.
- Thank you.
( clattering continues )
( banging, clattering )
( Ralph sighs )
I'm so sorry, Meg.
He's just
too strong for me.
( deep voice )
I'm gonna get you.
- ( Ralphie screams )
- ( grunts )
( Ralphie grunting )
Let me go!
- Ralph: No!
- I need to get her!
Ralph:
No, I won't let you!
No!
( muffled screaming )
( screaming continues )
- No, get off of him!
- Stop it!
- Get off!
- ( screaming )
( gasps )
( Ralph choking )
( labored breathing )
( shouts )
( grunts )
( gasps, whimpering )
( Meg coughs )
( door opens )
Ralph?
Oh, my God, Ralph!
Ralph!
What did you do
to him?!
Oh, my God, Ralph.
Ralph? Wake up, Ralph!
Breathe. Breathe!
What did you do?!
Oh, my God.
( sobbing )
Wake up. Come on.
Breathe, please. Breathe.
Breathe, you gotta breathe.
No, it was Ralphie.
Ralphie-- Ralphie tried
to kill me, okay?!
Ralphie was trying
to strangle me!
- No.
- Please. Breathe.
You gotta breathe.
- ( Bradley crying )
- Oh, my God.
Please wake up.
Wake up. Breathe.
Breathe. Please.
Please.
( laughing )
- Sorry.
- ( siren wailing )
I'm sorry.
( door slams )
( laughter echoes )
( music playing )
(CLOCK TICKING)
MAN:
Here lies a door.
Beyond it lies
something wonderful.
♪ (INDUSTRIAL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Are you ready?
-What was that?
-(EXHALES)
(GRUNTS)
Have you ever had any
strange encounters?
Did you provide any
services for my wife?
JARED: Nothing happened!
I swear.
JENNIFER: This is insane.
He told me everything!
Selfish, son of a--
JARED:
I'm gonna call the police!
Relax, Jared.
Relax.
JARED:
Help!